c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\bin\Debug\FortHelper.exe.config
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\bin\Debug\FortHelper.exe
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\bin\Debug\FortHelper.pdb
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.g.resources
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.exe
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\FortHelper.pdb
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\WinDPS.g.cs
c:\users\kuchta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\WinDPS.baml
C:\Users\kuchta\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\kuchta\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\PerkLvlPicker.g.cs
C:\Users\kuchta\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\kuchta\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FortHelper\FortHelper\obj\Debug\PerkLvlPicker.baml
